add forbidden regex (#377)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/module_naming_convention.md

# Module Naming Convention

> All modules should be named according to the regular expression provided.
> Except if it matches with a defined `forbidden_regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All modules should be named according to the provided regular expression,
except if they match with a defined `forbidden_regex`.
```
